this is a double interlock pre-action
system that's electric pneumatically
released the way that you're able to
tell that or or indicate that is the
electric portion of the release is a
cylinder which is connected to a release
control panel the second part of the
release which is pneumatic is a
pneumatic actuator a pneumatic actuator
is a differential type valve that is
held closed with air in this case the
air pressure is being supplied to the
sprinkler system piping as well as a
pneumatic actuator hold it closed the
way that the pneumatic actuator opens is
upon a sprinkler head operation or if
there were break in the system piping
and the air pressure were to be relieved
this type of pre-action system requires
that both releases operate before the
deluge valve will flow water in a
standard installation the electric
release is set to operate prior to the
sprinkler heads which is controlling the
pneumatic release so in a fire instance
the detection would activate
electrically opening the scylla note the
cylinder would open up and water would
move priming water would move below the
or behind the pneumatic actuator once a
sprinkler head opened the pneumatic
actuator would open and allow priming
pressure to drain from the priming
chamber of the deluge valve and the
deluge valve would flow water through
the system I activated the panel made
the piezo sound
so then I silenced it that was the first
part or our first interlock of our
double interlock operation now the air
is going to be reduced in a sprinkler
system upon a sprinkler head operating
which we simulate in the back of our
riser through a standard control valve
now the deluge developers are activated
we need to close the water supply
control valve on the deluge valve to
reset the trip from
once the control valve is closed we need
to drain the water in the system which
will be above the check valve so we open
our main drain and this one it's located
in the back
once we've thoroughly drained our
sprinkler riser we're able to close the
main drain correct any piping problem or
repair or replace any sprinkler heads
that have opened so we have a tight
piping Network then we can re-establish
air pressure in the sprinkler riser we
need to open the auxilary drain valve to
drain any residual water in the deluge
valve or in the trim of the deluge valve
once that's been thoroughly drained
we're able to close that now we're able
to reset our release control panel which
will take power away from the scylla
node and clear most of our alarms with
the exception of one supervisory alarm
which is connected to our control valve
we're going to open up our flow test
valve so we can purge any air in the
inlet chamber the deluge valve
we closed the flow test bell and then
thoroughly open our control though